[Hyperdrive] Hyperdrive pool placement improvement + ip address egress (#20239)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/hyperdrive/2025-02-26-hyperdrive-pooling-near-database-and-ip-range-egress.mdx

---

> title: Hyperdrive improves pool placement, uses Cloudflare's IP addresses for egress

Reviewer: This described what we did not what the customer benefit is (up to 50% improvement in latency when creating new connections is awesome! put it in the title :) )

Author: added to it, will refine based on the preview

> title: Hyperdrive improves pool placement, uses Cloudflare's IP addresses for egress

Author: ```suggestion
title: Hyperdrive reduces connection setup latency by 50% with regional pooling, uses Cloudflare's IP addresses for egress
```

description: Hyperdrive now pools database connections closer to your database to reduce latency and connects using Cloudflare's IP address ranges.
products:
  - hyperdrive
date: 2025-02-26T18:00:00Z
---

> Hyperdrive pools database connections in one or more regions closest to your database. This means that your uncached queries and new connections have up to 50% less latency. In aggregate, we observed a decrease on average of \<ENTER NUMBER\>.

Reviewer 2: don't forget to update \<ENTER NUMBER\>
